matchday is when all medical
students across the country find out
where they're going to be placed for
internship and residency they start
applying early in the fall and they
interview throughout the winter months
and then
they place their list of where they
prefer and a rank list is submitted to
a national database the computer
basically lines up the programs with the
students and then instead of having
multiple offers and it'd be very
confusing they find out what is matched
how they matched up with the program and
they get
told where they're going basically
I will say that every year we try to
deliver the match envelopes in a
different manner this idea came from one
of the current fourth-year students who
I think they know who they are last year
someone suggested that we do Piñatas
the idea of 50 of you with 50 bats did
not seem to be a good idea so what we
did we've actually looked into pull
string Piñatas and the idea morphed into
what you see here so to design it when
you pull it your results will be inside
a round of applause for everybody
were so proud